Say you burn you some shifts
there is a mandate after the business and tell
it is very important very important for example well
I can only put in numbers
i started using on and conviction
conviction that everything does not do everything to me
to live and opinion happens everything
being done to me
the best is everything for children
for me they happen to me and others
other beliefs I just started them
practice here business and quite
differently started u knocking
where we study from I can't say
first this is my action and secondly
probably from your energy and you give
on lessons and because words convey
miracles happen u say so
miracles happen miracles i believe because
that with alone there I do not believe that you and vomiting
lottery I believe that any money
earn yourself well these wonders which
I only happen when I understand
began to change my beliefs and here with that
I advise you, too, try first
u when alexa on hand are
We are not in Skype mode
right in the same room with Alex like me
I find these here too now I am
I feel that in the room where I am
I am Alex and here too
those people who are not on a horse right now
is also near me and when I ask
the question I ask is just not for you
skype so here's a headphone hinder find
the earth could you at home with
you ride and questions
it works better for me
husband at all, too, and the maximum
use the beliefs that you
You say because it's not easy to take
and write
use practice in action
For example, every day and now I repeat that
everything in life doesn't happen to me for
I now go there some homeless is
this is for me for what then he lies for
the fact that I would understand so that I
learned something
so that for example I was not like him well
and
these beliefs I began to move around with
every step forward in business and
I have been watching a lesson for over two years now .
business i
if me why started your lessons see
because there was a complete collapse
crisis all 0 and loans there are big
loans an hour I can safely say that
loans are almost all forgotten and
still there a little bit left gone if
business is in business
percentage increase more
what a hundred times because minus now
went big income in personal development
also improved
just say thanks to your
beliefs thank you grow on earth
spiritual growth is this one this very
other drawers
on alex is it now you saw it by
you are well done spiritual growth is one thing
because there is such a perception that
the teacher should not be only one
but the main teacher for me is me for
I understand myself and know that some pauses
need to do that is got a little bit
alexa 1 week rested
study again and this also helps
because if every day look but
it may be what you need and give
too
and if the little ones you pause even
on weekends there you get distracted
then again you are watching Yiddish
all at once completely different once again you
I recommend to everyone
look in your eyes imagine you
Alec are quite different other
the difference can not imagine something skype
especially since everyone has such
opportunity to close your eyes and imagine
that alex is you even for him
hug thank you say it is super easy
super thanks alex thanks restaurant
very nice